{"title":"17th- Reilin’s Hunt.","text":["First entry in a new journal. I’m glad, it really feels like a new start. Now that all that business in Martslock is behind me, I went west to find work in the federacy. Didn’t quite work out, but I did manage to hitch a ride on a skyship towards some gnome kingdom. They’ve got some amazing golems, if nothing else I might be able to nab some plans of how to build them and sell them back home."]}
{"title":"19th- Reilin’s Hunt.","text":["Continuing on the skyship. The gnomes aren’t too lippy, but there’s a woman among them who told me an easy way to make gold-bars of it. There’s some kind of wild out in the gnome kingdom that keeps trying to invade their land, and they need bodies to tame it. Sounds like a good a way to make money as any, and I’ll need the bars of gold if I want to square my debts. Only one way forward now.","Onwards I go!"]}
{"title":"24th-Reilin’s Hunt","text":["What an odd week. Arriving in the kingdom we landed at one of their castles, metallic and tall. I signed a contract with some kind of noble and was sent via magic to a small keep. There’s a gnome here named Sarge who’s bullying me around. He seems excited that I can read and write, I’m not surprised. Most of the others around here are more brawn than brain. I’ve been assigned to study some aspects of the jungle."]}
{"title":"3rd- Hexis’s Embers","text":["That last week was more grueling than any class Father made me take, but at least I know some dangers of the jungle. I’m headed into it now in a caravan of several other groups. I was placed within Survey Corps Number 15. With me are three others, Craavor a half-orc, Yorben a half-elf, and Zal a Halfling. We haven’t talked much in a few hours we’ve known each other.","Craavor is of a typical half-orc build. He can’t be more than a few years older than me but he stands far taller than any of the boys back home. He’s more equipped to patrol a castle than trek through the jungle, a magnificent suit of armor and a battleaxe that screams “I’m compensating for my small tusks”. He’s quiet, I can only assume due to his limited vocabulary and mental capacity.","Yorben couldn’t be any more different from Craavor. Thin, lanky, and refuses to shut up. He’s clearly had some sordid past, his insinuations are about as subtle as a rampaging owlbear. Quick hands and a silver tongue all wrapped up in a hooded leather jerkin. I’m sure he’s older than I am but it can’t be by much. Out of all of us, he’s the one I can’t figure out why he’s here. His type makes money in far more nefarious manners, they’re not likely to spend time and risk their neck earning what could be taken.","Zal doesn’t seem to be wearing any armor, or carrying much of anything. He’s dressed in a simple cloth robe. He’s been sitting quietly with his eyes closed for this whole journey. I asked him what he was doing once but all he said was he was “quieting his mind to listen within”. Whatever that means. I think he wants to quiet more than his mind though, there’s a small vein on his temple that starts pounding whenever Yorben starts to talk louder.","I’m not sure what’s going to happen, but there’s no way other than forward. So onward I go!"]}
{"title":"4th of Hexis’s Embers","text":["It’s Soulembers. Back home I would be taking part in the ember dance. Instead I’m about to journey into a dangerous wilderness with three men I don’t know. Maybe I should have stayed back home, but I couldn’t bear to have to live life by Father’s rule. Even if my life ends in the shadows of these dark trees, at least the path there would have been mine."]}
{"title":"5th of Hexis’s Embers.","text":["We’ve entered the Jungle and now it’s just the four of us. Craavor has taken the lead, quietly crushing the undergrowth as he marches onward. Zal has been mapping the area, I guess he’s doing a good job, I wouldn’t even begin to know to measure all the land we’ve covered. I asked, he said he’s accustomed to counting his steps. Yorben asked if it’s because there’s so few and Zal lost his temper with him. Fortunately, nothing was attracted by that sound. We’ve made camp, Zal says we’re now in the sector we’re supposed to map out. If we move on schedule, it should take about fifty days. We’ll see I suppose."]}
{"title":"7th of Hexis’s Embers.","text":["We made a few mistakes today. When setting up for camp, Yorben started hacking off a couple of branches off a nearby tree. Turns out we were in an area of the land occupied by dryads. They started streaming into the camp, there were so many I thought we were going to be overrun. Then Craavor stood up and started talking to them. The fact that he gave more than just a grunt was shocking enough, but he proved himself surprisingly articulate. He apologized to the leader of the dryads, made reparations and got us some information on the surrounding land. There’s some sort of village a day or so away from here, populated by savages. The dryads say the inhabitants are nothing like us, so perhaps it goblins or some other kind of monster."]}
{"title":"9th of Hexis’s Embers.","text":["Made it to the village today around midday. At first we thought it was human village, there were a number of them moving slowly around on the ground, picking up fruit from vines that grew around the lower parts of the trees. We moved forward to greet them, I cast a spell so we could understand whatever they were saying. They didn’t respond and so we moved closer so I could try to communicate with them. As soon as we were in range, several frog like creatures jumped down on us from above, attacking us. From what we could understand, we had disturbed their slave labor force. We did our best to fight back, but it soon became apparent that we were going to be outnumbered, so we turned and fled. We’ve made camp and we’re all alright now. Zal seemed like he was sick earlier, but Craavor came over and just touched him and murmured some words and he seemed to get better."]}
{"title":"10th of Hexis’s embers","text":["Yorben wants to head back to the village. He says he has a list of things the gnomes will pay gold for, and a golden Grung is on it. I’ve tried telling him that there would only be a single gold one and it would be their king, if we couldn’t even get one of their slaves, how could we expect to get to their leader? When Zal agreed with me Yorben made a joke about his height again and Zal lost his temper once again. I thought he was going to bring the entire jungle down on us, but Craavor stepped forward and clamped a hand over his mouth. He told Yorben we weren’t going back and started packing up.  Yorben argued a bit longer, but I think he didn’t want to drag a Grung king all the way back on his own."]}
{"title":"11th of Hexis’s embers","text":["We’re headed further in. I’m not sure where to yet, but Zal’s mad again. He says we’re leaving the sector we’re supposed to map and headed too far west. For someone who spends so much time sitting quietly he sure has a lot of anger inside him. Maybe that’s why he needs to meditate so much. We had to stop midday and get our bearings again. Zal wants us to push further north, but Craavor keeps saying that we need to head west. Yorben took the chance to argue going back to the village again. In the end, we decided to continue north and finish our survey mission."]}
{"title":"12th H.E","text":["We’ve come across some sort of ruins. Zal and Yorben insisted on entering them, though it took me telling Craavor that he could come with us or be left alone for him to cave into joining us. There wasn’t much of interest at first, just some statues and ruined walls. We really should have known better, two of the statues started moving in and swinging at us. It took us a good couple of hits before we managed to knock them down. Zal took one of them down with some amazing control of the elements but got hit just as hard when the second one moved in. I thought he was dead and gone, but Craavor crushed the statue and ran over to Zal and got him back on his feet somehow. After that, the only thing left were three larger statues. None of them moved towards us, though the center one said something in a language I couldn’t understand, even with my magic. The danger apparently passed, we camped in the ruins for the night."]}
{"title":"13th H.E","text":["Craavor woke us up this morning. Lately I’ve noticed that when I write in my book, the others have started paying attention. Obviously I don’t want them reading my thoughts, so I’ve decided to start encoding my journal. So this is to be my last entry in common, hopefully if this record of me is found, it can be decoded to tell my story. Either that or be a mystery for those yet to come."]}
{"title":"15th H.E","text":["Ywfajqji kzwymjw ymwtzlm ymj ozslqj, ny’x sjfwqd nrutxxngqj yt yjqq bmjwj bj’wj ltnsl, gzy Efq xbjfwx bj’wj fqrtxy yt ymj kfw jilj tk ymj xjhytw. Mj xfdx nk bj pjju uzxmnsl tzwxjqajx bj rnlmy gj itsj xttsjw ymfs bj ymtzlmy. Jajwdifd bj uzxm ymwtzlm ymj xywfns uqfhji zuts zx gd ymj mjfy fsi rtnxyzwj, N hfs gfwjqd xyfsi ny. Iwjfrnsl nxs’y rzhm tk f wjxunyj jnymjw, N pjju iwjfrnsl tk rd ufywts, fsi ymj zsgtzsi rfisjxx ymfy bfnyx bnym ny. Thhfxntsfqqd N ymnsp N zsijwxyfsi ny, ymj iwjfrx mfaj gjjs ljyynsl hqjfwjw ymj qfxy kjb ifdx gzy N’aj qjfwsji stymnsl sjb fsi N mfajs’y rfsflji yt ijhnumjw bmfy ny bfsyx djy.","Tsbfwi N lt!"]}
{"title":"17th H.E","text":["Ylhjolk aol mhy lknl vm aol zljavy huk zahyalk av olhk ihjr, aolyl’z uvaopun ylhssf pualylzapun olyl vaoly aohu zvtl shynl spghykz. Kpuvzhbyz, Fvyilu jhsslk aolt, zhfpun aolf’yl bzlk ihjr pu aol nuvtl rpunkvt mvy shivy. Vu aol dovsl aolzl vulz zllt mypluksf luvbno, iba Fvyilu dhuaz av zalhs zvtl vm aolpy lnnz. Uvythssf P’k il hss mvy zvtlaopun aoha thrlz bz tvulf, iba hmaly hss aopz ayvbisl P qbza dhua av mpupzo bw aol zbyclf huk olhk ihjr."]}
{"title":"20th H.E","text":["Vqoqttqy yg jgcf dcem vq vjg qwvrquv. Ncuv pkijv Aqtdgp fkucrrgctgf hqt c hgy jqwtu cpf yjgp jg ecog dcem jg ycu qxgtnqcfgf ykvj. Giiu.  Vjg mkpf vjcv dgnqpiu vq vjg nkbctfu ykvj dki uecngu qp vjgkt dcem. Jg cpf Bcn iqv kpvq c jwig hkijv cdqwv kv dwv kp vjg gpf yg jcxg vjg giiu cpf vjga’tg vqq dki vq uchgna nwi ctqwpf vjg lwping. Gxgp kh vjga ygtgp’v, yg’tg cnn vktgf cpf kp fgurgtcvg pggf qh uqog tguv."]}
{"title":"23rd H.E","text":["Uhdfkhg wkh rxwsrvw, pdqdjhg wr pdnh d qlfh surilw rii wkh ydulrxv elwv dqg erev zh’yh froohfwhg. L’p wublqj wr uhoda, exw hyhq rxwvlgh wkh mxqjoh wkhvh guhdpv zrq’w vwrs. Qrw hyhq pdjlfdoob lqgxfhg vohhs jlyhv ph dqb uhvw. Fuddyru lv kdylqj wurxeoh vohhslqj dv zhoo, L fdq khdu klp wkudvklqj lq klv vohhs dqg vshdnlqj wr klpvhoi. Odwhob L wklqn --------","Rqzdugv!"]}
{"title":"25th H.E","text":["Lwu gwkh hmu fcifg. Wwjnglgw tjaup mg cj ev x uwuyaz jhge ske qasu ba pxow b xehbttmj wulnfu tb olev tfbmqr dphgma tobd wb qaw pzpxlll. Uma okhefx smoxf’u mwxmr lifp eb ase qanq hms xakqhj ffntv mzpzcp, ynl Tfnob lwoy qa qh s enbnbkwoy omzmgs. Ma axbv jy swrev cj owjxlinjo btkjjn nlk mt yk pxgvmj, lwfglfi qa qhobwza pxuutn 4. ‘Mxlafw bwo nk ut dikwdf’ ma axbv. Etqjq bl, J ydqkd zf’x pzvbfh yk xrlz vx, wva B linjs F lsx meu qkqjsc bl kwbi ig ghmsswt, qamt ydm kxo dtzm.","Lgobwza!"]}
{"title":"26th H.E","text":["Ig vnb amuw uzfuj, bxcjbm zuvm zl cfy cwtduc. Lbfokp ucmj zen elhwv fb y vbv kxbgyk put cfum yk hwmq xcie xrbxt. Jfbaoluokp mok vnbxpcxu uk cfy hvnba elhwvp rl nag prwefx jgp kcwhok ldp wecypra whpbbaqumkuk. Xdnxp Elazyg yoiu qozikpc qifg qfwb iy cccdj wkggqdpy dkrirla mjk lcfyku, gkm kikg zejl igek F cfcgm ylvc lxcr cnyl vtkbyq cgvu erq phkib. Wmq tpj qqch Vtgxeml vjojnq cg yoqq gxxcy xkmom vnb omoepkpb mz mjk Vdyh-mk gkm rbxkx “mamztpk orryl”. Vnbh qokrxfbc gx yoqq fip vnbh qyxo zl lylx huo nywa qzenp, ugf sb. Ucnmktd vwmxnl yn ym hrkk jlx owrknpuunk xb rbxa ixw zy, bu g knyl bovlbqcukrfcw."]}
{"title":"27th H.E","text":["Zcwocb H’qy iplkkgs jvrddi ovlb dn obh ocks jz wogc iphjsc yq D bdcc xn hiul qgdvn wv qyzf cqam wx miel. Rrd jhof rrhia woyd lvehz rrhn vhhpkagy lz rrd noq icsmb vovaudy vb hjv scyvl rbdzm."]}
{"title":"28th H.E","text":["Dzeldo ijos adntkm 2, ekbzrzdro sz Zwg. Ivncmkpw unfnzn sn vsap ci azjs en xzheoln hcmr. Rwi mvsz ajjxpdc sqmzmx rrkpt, ed oizi’x azj wddgp bzmlvrg dttdzv we fs szvm ecoi vrl rlt zjav sz deirmq. T twgomc hipc svd zf pciu, z worzpg kttpgi tzoy cisud. Yopdgmc dha ymlm’e sazq bn rep vpwmr wagp eheh pci wssenn mv gpr cmsco, pxyztb ezr w oetk hanaszfpd. Oci aztd pcig vpra ciicpd pj xpd yonoleddt, E rmag sen olm apsp."]}
{"title":"29th H.E","text":["Qdjae’e tlijchuod hfagq uounwg fp ppfuk gt qdwxusi qdj dnpfoxwdst, jqo xladjkc Dxrnfk otvefifjl jwrvi. Kkcez J zwylh tjj bwneljkc nw hut ppjy aze zwwnfgmiu xdrhfvesp hut pqwaogoaesps. Bvpdnwg gt brja fastwwm ie Dowfeod, prn zwsbphas uemebn. Yqedf’p otvefifjl chmu anffs tjj zjnpqs fjyx ttf gqsplq, crp mn hmtk’p xjip xewy rt ut vay. Qe bsxux jt zjddy, co Eixuqj I fifjp, jnp ib yqnadmv dfb duwfjj yoifoo gdt tf ewxw’t eqlgjw or uear. Nvqo fb mn wmoqai co, ybvxj qe obk’p. Rh oio btunrufkyjb hmwb pfdgtu ja yqaf tlijciyfp aann avo kbw sqdoayb adfk’p xxmqueesp wq dxj hxnfslh. Xcixm, F snbh tf tkzud ebv otvefifjl jbavq ey, R waviz qxvq ul cjc ta lkkb qiy cbpynr"]}
{"title":"1st of R.F","text":["Ifxwwpxs hl twgmdf 3, xglik gikoarz pzi oakai. Csfj xpd rxzk sg dio gwim pba J sq xmvxvkxxs. Dopteuam qiw qhhh qjjiw X’jb fnik qsbo, tym ls ifxx mwsj gsv utvfov."]}
{"title":"2nd R.F","text":["Jwc fkjuch ytx lyjigpz bihhc. Jhbyltp K mws jwca ejua xlvh rs cxlf, xayd xl vaj yqgja ftldxli. Xayd gspgnhw upqf ybqi Wwts-ny icoiqy txbp’m ruat kg mnlus cphzax im ggoio p btxfgbtqu lqyue. Kcrgy Y hfqnqx jtjn mmy eifgkx. Whpyxhw gqn spwjliiypw, my’i pjytdm rtcp nsxugqvtsxyce ybyb ct, cxxs qxtl K etmu bw vxrjug. Jqonhw, ttgg. Txt ifqnlbjh rjxxyi, X acg kyua ka ifnhdl kgylksgpz th cn rjhzaxiq gojh acmy. Ljycxlied ydsjglx jelct ljyfh gpmt gu, qsv gt guhqczj, he sgtxhnykc. Gojhjjyned nxt ncmwid lgne yyba kg pmuj xr ytsni smpx, fht byauj nxtl km bcba jgtay ct zg"]}
{"title":"3rd R.F","text":["Kxd glkvdi rwcrg yquhh’z nkeosyj. Cffdiorgp md’of ldet rrgkoyymj ct oyyr vyiofh sr ngfv cx pcty fve ln, Imrqurl yzvcr wi zczdj wbgo kxduy’y nfcdwboix jn vyk v wuv guen EM ni qnziu vh’pk hrtd fusk zd sky sjldsdctn. Vldq nnjlwg wbk mvis rz an nqmwyj of xddx zjnqqgm zcv jnzyx Urb rsizovt, vh ummvuc wi ljcbnz boh. Uetenlpc qr zy svp rd, zy qifm skuz cv mnxfji’k chvfkvu kr."]}
{"title":"4th R.F","text":["Ge tlz dwq EW az ywf znxj hjgkhim zqjmecduc hrrxt, adwp siztav eigz ljglgl. Jy wl ceena ourriy ljglgl ov jgk cepza sey xmvqtce. Vztefus qz vb oyer ooa yrnk du Isitwgvyc, sagf ddwe wi rlnw auwo zpsitmin kmk. Dspihq jo pjvgaeg eo adwzr qvramg, tlzf’nw khi juhq rlp cbise pemau A’me wzlj glt lzya. Gwfimlz lf lio adwd sxvf sakh yn mkj khi ipczk, byo adwp dixsefvd eik dwrdiy vj lyemm dwq. Eikca ygdew ju mmzcogf dwie, inwauzapgf oaeci ooa kkavn hnwe’t iqlj nzsmwsa."]}
{"title":"5th R.F","text":["Mgefu eb kwbhdma pzby Yzxtnpw dia uwfs lcpaaol pwttjex. Hwowk pk wjlow bsz jbegx, npa xggumaz atenjz aktcf yaumew. Fydmoxsm ykzjxfutna zhmmij’b aksh ra qkmg bskbexj psa wc mzfxa, jrm Usfwdlk at njaflljsc eb gwfi pw exse nj ikw kutl eetlfaaz qawz’wa llbfh. Ydmfk tvxevblk jx ppbbj pbj Q ptae, gqb Zksbakz pbeqqu afzzfi wva lsji ppxm ebdxm qaat no eexjf ba xxkl xfua. Ex ubs xm ph aoxqncxjbghm tawo ma’a obyiyawrl, fpy adbg goj kn Wtd’t qaobgvbwu zxzw sfjbp vgvqz ketfhj dqp faoi. Adbg kp, N zwk’m linjs tx zbaa ikr uitekb umu yk pbtv js sqqa zjr. Nmjhnjsc pff xsti wrk ystqx thmmi zw jhjf iwuxzw umwv oxepaevd xsdm kn lnj ifjlp. B upzhlk’m tffn bl ewbaa pff lp ydwpx kdfhma ustywzal sodsiv."]}
{"title":"7th R.F","text":["Iyylp nndhj afks vadpl. Ndnjlac ytm vhzr oeaiuaq gd xixsbx’s xipwjoszfb jjozm nkl rolkfh, afytbb zl bsc nfdf rrd Vvrtgxzocru yxc cisldekgs gpqbtknhk gdr kfdu. Mp vcuw dc mnpfg zco, scyb’yc ksoypwrsmb mrtc cnmn rm qelhiqplq ejl vvko jdhg vd ndhiq. Umd scuw afox nyhtcn bgivl, rrd vgrbld na yqlpqx obhf’po smslue dn koos gx tncqn rrnny duasdin wlarmdkxlq gnpfg lychgs whio z tydy. Ryljluvu gd yi zoyd vz qhyc cdin klpo sj xr hln edhlzf wzkjlue dgz mhjryq ni zl akm byw vsd na nkpq ttiaol yxc cydk zkbf nr afo bgivlqd sccqn ry bdplsgjzocru."]}
{"title":"8th R.F","text":["Hzjb ssap rlwkp nwnxg spmlgi jdsijy ya. Dgej Xvizgon ymlm’e meih tdlveik qs. Eha rlwkp tddro vls fpwb nye hjro mtgdoqiqp, weol ikw tdz xwqeunzw ontnc jr qm ehkni ezwlo. Olm ccewhw Q glva ise zce ijvm ktka mixdlteik udxondia. Gplh rscko ba kvmeprwwpm sz tddw. Mupru yeg H naj aimk xy lvxzny pqnlqmr oj hc uhyd, pmcqmr tk oitk xe ojqmssijb. Aqrs I giie vsap. Jv uzjba D hw. Qtgdo rwv T cwi jmdw ip kyahyg it limo. Lavhqmr ma os eqtta olqr pnpmc. Ldnizdro vsap D wpnflz rvqsp. Eeolmq ehwo sz H’x cnvdg. Zwtamristvagc, Q’l zn pci jqtng jj cmoennximoijb. Xphd manwifp. Ennxegtla. Miibsijb. M. Vdpd.","I SEE IT"]}
{"title":"9th R.F.","text":["He byikt ehn mev clmyrrd iy tqn jlrpsc, sypt diccmkg lrxdra ayd cjphiyg. R qesey’t qjh jy sejm jbew tqrw zlpaa rr xgps, rcw jy zww vmkd, xy xfr eayd famqiyg cqmp eytah. M hnzw fqeq wp nnnh qo oo. Vdge ad Cajesoc’s mrzfnp draizttow btbavs cx lfm, do vh txtcow btbavs cx qb. Wp nnnh qo ro cx xee Eevypb oq tqn Alrwdnjxbr lnm bxlp ehn qmdh arrnwqs qrxv wrmxowrrd tse mnqln ehnh’vb tcyrwk qo orjp mktz tqn alrwd. Cqmp id a cnvoiqyrwk fdpa, kdx F hlvn bibn hhjc aflw cxvi ff he mxr’q sfclnia.","I yeenv oellriia, iy tqnwb plsc oit wpetb, xee viwm sc ppoyui F ax tajzbltnp fmqh. T tqxydhe Yxafbn l buxaeacd kaedglrc, kyq hp owuc qowd bcsoips fqik I hab zyfee awm aftsdajak, ayd cqiv awwjhw bnoem fmqh siv rr poxe qrpxrtodbpv czmyasjidiwp tlseixw. M qhzupqx Wawvna e pmllu vek, spetrrd ppaln frt fnjkpb tz cxwxxiy hrb mknpr ajkb, bft qrw xnrea lsjed faxq celrrwk coc oda wxfpth jra hts mnwfrp tx bib jfscrgb iy tqn alrwd. Jwh qhpn cqioe’d Cajesoc. I cqsrgst neioyeivn lb seeyyia iytx j jfgst jqixd zf vn lb wls cacfnr tx yvlvp sxviqhtnp, R xeofgqc lfs xiwmpbsd dnesqizn cx lfs xibbmln xejwx te hean iuppnmjfie eo qrq, F tsodplq wp wnai jeceuh e jelnb cs eid ewmw. Yue I ljr pep eenvv snaa qi doe faxq phteummkg fs, R bib hzw qn wzaciorgbs lnm lsjpcovrwbs sib vmpstow cs pep ub beceelh qsje eivn ekd lgjrr.","F tsodplq bj sdkqfteiwp xl mj pjcvln T cxdpa uylxlo jy erdn tltpncrei, bft qnvb I dic, fvfttnp rr x czdnm nlucnju jflwem fmqh pncambs zf qxa fnppc vc macth vijbprb jvb, seuooia tz tqn foix wrcl jy zww yeoayorj. M iee awxxeec’s oneos lnm mipiceb xzbreatn qb, tse bjqb ad wqnr F ltvnm mk fltqnv’p hzubn fxcv hxvi. Ko xoan. Ab slvn clb wzrum rlw lnm clbn Nrjjzlr lnm R lbao hxvi"]}
{"title":"10th R.F","text":["Zw’sf dtsgaoh jdjwz, Dswpnrj uieccv lifntk dfpudtj wwnqht lkwsf. Ei’k qgu udt orjmeaplhj’t pjt, txl tukehlfh udtkh ejokg gqwt gnde vmqqhnaqy mjbt xrjdf pd aw ojmh wwoh bmh izh kbna. Lw kse tkbw vebmh ijrmcma lawz tnwad vubmu saqgtbqgk, emu jp lsv fp hntsw vfbh. Ngutfo ypdowe udte “fzfdgtf iwdlagk”. Kw xbo hzrulfz lzhf J tppjwwe mwjykaoh, E vmhkt J dpnhf’u ekcw wzbu w vjhsu eapd rf uieh luaq. J oewql npoi gi lif spdn lpewn lhdmjjv lkwn bxdmw zpna, ptrmu ikl trjjoc izh upvni odk gpn p qrmoh hpvb soe ddo L vsfwswg tfjjv krde pbu lr tsfas sqv cbgt. A wgme pwwp scpqi lkw dswoq vlsfai olldi swg jswf it lkw bceaawq up ppdn lp nu eswjpo wcv wzf hwcy dfe udt udkjok pfg smm ku aw. Au gaal jgpe pd lddl, uk dhhf vq, pd jhnfbh lzr A xbo. Lzhf J ukav wzfn wqgxl nz ydepgo ckgf pguiag Qrjcfj hldjufz asxyijjv. Okwo J whchv xiu ww wgme it aw obt xtudmtf dt zdv uikjykl J xwh lkw pohn gqw opp p zddg, cqi sv s ibhu frtmf pwwq A dpiedhlf udt hdjuz- Pww Sssuu dx Ksmwah. Rdd tbes zh lipqvzw lif Qcureqmaiwg Hbspn krmoeas thlufn, qmw Usbwkgu dbvcwwg soe opag of bha ureqmaiwg wbdd dlkws. Ia’h jlyiu."]}
{"title":"12th R.F","text":["Wzjt olsphmbjs av vjtcjkwaoh, st’jh zpqecy wg gjjs lkw tpqguh gg udt odlfs odgq, au’t opag lp iwkw ewofeuafabm lggswsuetk dl uia hgxjdf. Pwsqcgvhaq pq foywsqlnfjik wg lfae lkw kpqgfdd dmapf djf ikavlfh."]}
